hello people finally it is so far me
today my result of my last
you know, I love you since the first one
september the hertha of uptime and yes
finally it is about 30 september
30 days finally rest and yes we catch
also ever
I'll show you at the beginning
equal to my lawyer after 30 days
told me just encapsulate the hunt
additional use it is now
about 1 cm and a millimeter to it
I also have to say I'm taking part
zollstock and you know how these things
they are important in a situation
Pieces of wood was something great
It was quite difficult to measure me
have now measured about 11
I really have to say that
I do not really think that much now
although I hacks many promises
Internet read that two
centimeter operational so what should
is already light or totally at
I do not care about anything
Works what I definitely but
It must also be said that I really am
glad it's over
I like the cat next door and not
give more
I actually wanted one more
born row still the thirtieth is after
lunch counts once again
take
So I 'm still one and I have
I am by nature nuts the
tablets better and these things every
to hear it down really hear it
no fun
I do not like it anymore and I'm real
glad it's over
what else I can really say who the
I take it I noticed
that I mean
choose better so I know of course
necessarily possesses of which capsule
what am I really getting up to?
can not imagine any kind
but I have for example in yours
page
on the one hand completely round
usually very concerned and severe
I have to say for a week or so
really felt supple and
I do not have anything great either
So I know about the care changed
not if it's because or once
the care of my impeachment imperia sparkle
I do not know
and yes I do not know what you are doing now
with much experience has made if the
one or the other now already
but has not taken with me
really brought a lot
and yes I'm really glad that it
is over, I can say again how
Last year I already noticed many
that it probably only after two months
I would see these results
probably also the metabolism the
previously increased that of the active ingredients well
a pass does not have to know well now
If I have another pack now
I would be happy to buy banks
that I am 29 behind me I am up
the one distortion and yes, just like you
look that is now a 1 1 that 's not
a lot of that is really like that
always so I always have around one
centimeter approach belongs
I am looking forward
and yes it shows really something
and you have been as much fun again
with a test should and until the
next